feat(clerk-js): Support transferable prop on SignIn (#3845)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/gold-emus-talk.md

---
"@clerk/clerk-js": minor
"@clerk/types": minor
"@clerk/clerk-react": minor
---

> Introduce `transferable` prop for `<SignIn />` to disable the automatic transfer of a sign in attempt to a sign up.

Author: ```suggestion
Introduce `transferable` prop for `<SignIn />` to disable the automatic transfer of an SSO attempt with a non-existent account to a sign up.
```
